[ASM] - UVEM-790 - RankServiceOwners Update (#38091)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexAttackSurfaceManagement/ReleaseNotes/1_7_65.md

#### Scripts

##### RankServiceOwners

> - Updated the script to accept an argument to decide between outputs depending on the source that generates an alert or issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the script to accept an argument that determines the outputs depending on the source that generated an alert or issue.
```
